Highs and welcome to case study number three.
Maximizing the revenues of an online retail business with Tompson sampling.
So here we're going to tackle the part of artificial intelligence where you can leverage it to maximize
the revenues in your business.
And that's why the case is here to show how we can do this.
It's going to be about an online retail business that has many customers you know a lot of customers
like you can count them by millions.
So you can think for example of eBay or Amazon.
And the goal of this online retail business is to get the maximum of its customers to subscribe to a
premium plan.
You know they have a premium plan where the customers pay a certain amount of money every month or every
year.
And the goal of this online retail business is that instead of having customers who only pay to buy
products online while this online retail business would like its customers to subscribe to this premium
plan that is going to offer them many great options.
And so this online retail business has a great strategy team taking care of all the marketing strategy
the selling strategy and the business strategy as well.
And this team right now has this specific mission to get the maximum customers to subscribe to this
premium plan.
So if that happens of course that will maximize revenues because of course this premium plan has been
settled so that it's a win win for both the customer and the business.
So the more customers subscribe to this premium plan the more revenues just online retail business generates
and therefore we have to find the best strategy for them to get the maximum conversions.
And they're going to do that with Thomson sampling indeed.
Thompson sampling you have to know about this algorithm.
It's the most powerful algorithm for a specific problem in reinforcement learning called the multi-alarm
been the problem.
And the thing about the multi on Bennett problem is that it can be applied to many many many different
business problems and you're going to see that now we're trying to get the maximum customers to subscribe
to premium plan.
Well we can set up an environment for which we can apply the most powerful algorithm for this which
is Tompson sampling.
So probably some of you already know about this.
THOMPSON something algorithm maybe someone you come from the machine learning course and already studied
it.
So it's good if you already know about this but it's really important to include it in this course because
this is a business course you know we explain how to leverage artificial intelligence to either optimize
the processes minimize the cost maximize the revenues or optimize the profitability of a business.
And therefore we have to include Tompson sampling.
So if you're coming from the machinery cause well don't worry the case they will be different.
The code will be improved.
The explanations will be improved as well.
We're going to do our whole simulation.
We're going to add some new features and we're going to add some more computations and extra things
so it will be very different.
And mostly it will be improved.
And essentially it has to be included in the scores.
As an example to explain how we can indeed maximize the revenues of a business by leveraging artificial
intelligence.
So here we go.
Let's define the plan of attack for this third and final part.
So as we can see this is going to be again a plan of attack in three parts.
First part will be about defining the environment.
And as you can see you can already notice that I removed the defining the states and I'll explain why
later.
So we'll only find the actions and the words.
Then the second step of this plan of attack will be of course to explain the solution that we're going
to build that is Tompson assembling.
And for this we'll have to explain first and not on the problem and then we'll give the intuition and
the math details of DMs and Templin.
Again you have the choice to either watch the intuition lectures by curial which I'll provide in step
2 or read the book where as well all the mathematical details and intuition are provided.
And of course you can do both.
That's even better.
And then as a third step of this plan of attack will implement the solution in Python and we'll do that
in two steps we'll build.
First the solution that is will implement the whole Thompson centric algorithm and then we'll go into
production.